[spent a last sleepless night in Sanguinem]

-

They received as heartfelt a send-off as those whose hearts had long ceased to beat could give them.

Ferid's was the worst, in Mika's professional opinion.

"Want to see a magic finger trick?"

Mika scrunched up his face. "<i>No.</i>" Had Ferid asked if he wanted to see a rewind of his family dying, this reaction would have been more fitting...oh well, anything concerning Ferid would receive the same amount of disgust.

"Aw, it would be such fun!"

"I already know that trick." Glaring vehemently, he bent his thumb and placed a finger over it, creating the illusion of his finger being cut in half.

Ferid's gleeful smile could mean nothing good. "What a cute display! But I was thinking more like this-"

Mika was treated to an unfortunate demonstration of Ferid legitimately chopping off his finger and reattaching it.

Fortunately, the other farewells were more palatable.

-

[They had to pretend to be traumatized escapees - this was easy because they truly were traumatized, - and to be burning with hatred toward all vampires - this was a bit more difficult as Mika was sort of a vampire.]

-

So here they were. For years, Mika had imagined escaping, maybe even finding other humans if he allowed himself to dream, but he had certainly not pictured it like this - arriving with a UV guard disguised as a livestock wristband, fluffy hair arranged over pointed ears.

Nevertheless, a taste of freedom was more than welcome.

Krul had said she would deliver other supplies with her bat, Arukanu, once they were settled in.

-

"It's a one-person room, but we only have this one"

"Oh, no, it's fine. We'd rather stay together"

-

"Who are these kids?"

"Children from the Hyakuya [sect], [lieutenant] Guren."

Guren squinted at them for an intense second and a half. Then he huffed and ran his fingers through his hair. "Stupid prophecy was two days off." He went back down the hall, muttering confusedly to himself about the wrong number of brats and frostbite from waiting in the cold for hours.

"That [lieutenant] was so cool, too."

"I don't know, he acted kind of suspicious of us..."

-

*Noone's PoV*

Yuu and Mika stared at the locked door. "There's gotta be something important behind that door..." they both thought.

"I see you trying to get in through that door." Said the purplette who walked into the room. "I'm Shinoa Hiiragi from the Hiiiragi family. I can get you in!"

"Family..." thought Yuu. "Sweet" he said allowed.

"Why are you helping us? You dont even know us.", Mika in deep suspicion.

"Yes but I like to enable mischief." said Shinoa. She opened the passcode box  and hit a bunch of numbers too fast for mika to keep track of even though he had super vampire sense.

"Huh?! Howd you know the code?" Yuu said.

"Because I'm the cutest one here, obviously! Actually it's because of being a hiiragii but never underestimate what you can get away with by being cute."

The door swung open and Mikas eyebrows narrowed when he caught listen of a few notes of a haunting melody.

they walked in the long dank hallway with the music playing in the bg.

"hmmM THERE IS SOMETHIGN STRANGE ABOUT YOU." The violette said. Mika flinched and subconsciously brushed his hair that was over his ears. "Oh no! Does she knoe I'm a vampiree?" He thought distressed. Shinoa smiled a big grin, "I knew it! You are shy"

*time skip brought to you by lack of content*

"Here we are!" Shinoa singsonged.

The piano in the middle of the room had the keys going up and down and the music was playing from it. Yuu ran over in awe.

"A player piano?" said Mika.

"This is no ordinary player piano, it is demon possessed." answered Shinoa happily while Yuu was punching the keys in joy. "Luckily the piano and the spell circle contain the demon, so it's not dangerous as long as it stays here." Suddenly her eyes got dark and she lowered her voice. "Listen, I know your a vampire. Dont think your off the hook just because i spared your life this time.If you try anything then you'll go byebye." she said.

Mika was stunned. "I would never hurt Yuu-chan!" he replied honestly.

"Yeah yeah. I know how dangerous someone can be behind an innocent face." she said, then Yuu finished fake playing and They all left the room.

-

"She did save your life."

As if on cue,

[((aggressively caring for her spies))]